Update query history docs with re-enablement instructions (#8211)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/model-query-history.md

<Constant name="cloud" /> automatically enables query history for brand new environments. If query history fails to retrieve data, <Constant name="cloud" /> automatically disables it to prevent unintended warehouse costs.
   - If the failure is temporary (like a network timeout), <Constant name="cloud" /> may retry.

>    - If the issue is persistent across retries (like a missing permissions), <Constant name="cloud" /> disables query history to avoid wasting customer warehouse compute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If the problem keeps happening (for example, missing permissions), <Constant name="cloud" /> turns off query history so customers don’t waste warehouse compute.
```

>    To attempt to re-enable it, you can hit the **Test Permissions** button in Environment Settings. If the test passes the environment will be re-enabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To turn it back on, click **Test Permissions** in **Environment settings**. If the test succeeds, <Constant name="cloud" /> re-enables the environment.
```
